.TH vserver-neu 8  "December 15, 2014" "version 1.4.4"
.SH NAME
vserver-neu \- build a new Linux-VServer and integrate it into the cluster setup
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B vserver-neu
[\-h] [\-\-help] \-\-name NAME \-\-size nnG \-\-drbd DRBD [\-\-print\-crm\-only]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Build a new Linux-VServer on top of a new filesystem upon a newly build DRBD on newly allocated LVs. The VServer will be started after creation.
.PP
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\-h
\-\-help
display a short help text
.TP
\-\-name
NAME of the VServer
.TP
\-\-ip
IP of VServer
.TP
\-\-size
size including unit of the DRBD the filesystem for the VServer will reside on.
.TP
\-\-context
VServer context id
.TP
\-\-drbd
number of the drbd device, e.g. 1 for /dev/drbd1, must be free, optional.
Despite it is optional, it is strongly advised to explicitly set this parameter.
.TP
\-\-print-crm-only
Don't create LVs, DRBDs, FS and VServer, just print the resulting crm configuration commands. Good to get an existing KVM (back) into the crm.
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
Build a VServer test on a 10GB drbd volume with number 0, ip 10.0.10.1 and context id 101:
.B vserver-neu --name test --ip 10.0.10.1 --context 101 --size 10G --drbd 0 --arch i386
.TP
Build the crm-configuration for a VServer test on a 10GB drbd volume with number 0, ip 10.0.10.1 and context id 101:
.B vserver-neu --name test --ip 10.0.10.1 --context 101 --size 10G --drbd 0 --print-crm-only
.PP
.SH EXIT STATUS
vserver-neu return 0 on success or if it was unable to detect the errors.
.SH AUTHOR
Adrian Reyer (lihas (at) lihas.de)
.SH SEE ALSO
kvm-neu(1)
